[Music]  i'm going going  to california  [Music]  i want to live here forever um i am back  in thailand once again which is truly  like my second home now i've been to  thailand so many times over the past two  years i have returned to attend a vegan  festival which is called fruit winter  festival which takes place every single  year in chiang mai thailand and i'm  actually hoping to organize it this year  along with my good friends connor  brittany and kelsey so i'm just super  super excited about it it's amazing here  what what do you like about it  i just like like the vibe i love the  culture here i love the people and  we go fast  i'm coming over here  [Music]  going  back to california  [Music]  my heart hurts a little bit that i am  leaving chiang mai today you know when  like  you're sad and you feel like your chest  actually hurts  chiang mai like everything is so  accessible and like the fruit and the  food like everything is just like  perfect  even though the the democrats are in the  decline  bashar party  has been  gaining a lot of votes  [Music]  that lead that will lead to the  the  instability of the next government does  that mean we've not seen the end of the  coup no no no um with the  instable instability of the next  government inside  um there might be another election  there might be  another  military intervention  so  everything is still on the table